feat(curriculum): javascript comparisons quiz (#56633)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-javascript-comparisons-and-conditionals/66edc47c11492ac5cf258ad9.md

#### --answer--

`===` checks both values and its data type, while `==` only checks for value.

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
console.log(5 === "5");
```

What's the output of the code above?

#### --distractors--

`true`

---

`NaN`

---

`Error`

#### --answer--

`false`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is NOT an comparison operator?

#### --distractors--

`===`

---

`!==`

---

`<=`

#### --answer--

`?==`

### --question--

#### --text--

`||` is also known as...

#### --distractors--

XOR

---

AND

---

NOT

#### --answer--

OR

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
console.log(5 === 2 + 3 || 4 == 2);
```

What's the output of the code above?

#### --distractors--

`undefined`

---

`false`

---

`Error`

#### --answer--

`true`

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a truthy and falsy value?

#### --distractors--

Value that's both `true` and `false`.  

---

Value that changes depending on context.

---

Value that functions differently than `true` or `false` value.

#### --answer--

A value that is considered `true` or `false` based on its content.

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
if (1) {
  console.log("True!");
}
```

> What's the output of the code above?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What's printed to the console from the code above?
```

#### --distractors--

> false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`false`
```

I asked to please continue adding backticks

---

> No output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nothing.
```

---

> Error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Error`
```

#### --answer--

> "True!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`"True!"`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is NOT a truthy value?

#### --distractors--

> "false"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`"false"`
```

---

> 13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`13`
```

---

> -1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-1`
```

#### --answer--

> 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`0`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What's the difference between `undefined` and `null`?

#### --distractors--

No difference.

---

`null` automatically declared. (When there's no value)

---

`undefined` means a variable is deliberately empty, while `null` is declared, but unassigned.

#### --answer--

`undefined` means a variable is declared but unassigned, while `null` is absence in value (Intentionally).

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
console.log(Boolean(undefined));
```

The code above evaluates to...

#### --distractors--

`undefined`

---

`true`

---

`NaN`

#### --answer--

`false`

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
if (2 == 2) {
  console.log("A");
} else {
  console.log("B");
}
```

> What does the code above evaluates to?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What's printed to the console when the code above executes?
```

#### --distractors--

> Error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An error is raised.
```

---

> B

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`"B"`
```

---

> No output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nothing gets printed to the console.
```

#### --answer--

> A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`"A"`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
if (2 == "2") {
  // Statement
}
```

What will happen when the code is ran?

#### --distractors--

The statement will output a warning and exits the program.

---

The statement will not run.

---

The statement will throw an error.

#### --answer--

The statement will run.

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
if (2 == "2") {
  const a = 2;
}
console.log(a);
```

> What is the output of the code above?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is printed to the console with code above?
```

#### --distractors--

> 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`2`
```

---

> Nothing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nothing gets printed.
```

---

`undefined`

#### --answer--

> Error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An error is raised.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What happens when you don't include `break` while implementing a switch statement?

#### --distractors--

The switch statement will stop abruptly.

---

The switch statement will throw an error after previous statement.

---

The switch statement will exit after the first match.

#### --answer--

> The code continues to execute the next case statement, regardless of whether the case matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code continues to execute the following case statements, regardless of whether the case matches.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
const a = 2;
if (1 == "1") {
  let b = 3;
  console.log(a + b);
}
console.log(b);
```

> What will be the output of the code above?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What will be printed to the console from the code above?
```

#### --distractors--

`Error`

---

> 5, followed by 3

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```js
5
3
```
````

---

> 5 followed by `undefined`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```js
5
undefined
```
````

#### --answer--

> 5 followed by `Error`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`5`, and then an error is raised.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What keyword used in a switch statement to handle cases when all of the specified cases are false?

#### --distractors--

`then`

---

`after`

---

`else`

#### --answer--

`default`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does this operator `&&` represent?

#### --distractors--

XOR

---

OR

---

NOT

#### --answer--

AND

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
let x = 5;
if (x > 1 && x < 10) {
  console.log("x is between 1 and 10");
} else {
  console.log("x is not between 1 and 10");
}
```

> What is the output of the code above?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is printed to the console with code above?
```

#### --distractors--

> `Error`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An error is raised.
```

---

> No output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nothing is printed.
```

---

> x is not between 1 and 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`"x is not between 1 and 10"`
```

#### --answer--

x is between 1 and 10

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the operator `!` do?

#### --distractors--

It will reverse the value of a variable.

---

It will do "AND" operation.

---

It will do "OR" operation.

#### --answer--

It will negate the boolean value or converts a non-boolean expression to its opposite.

### --question--

#### --text--

> ```js
> console.log(!!true);
> ```
> 
> What is the output of the following code?

Reviewer: ````suggestion
What is the output of the following code?

```js
console.log(!!true);
```
````
 if you say "following ccode" it needs to come after the question

#### --distractors--

`false`

---

> Error, you can't double negate a expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It raises an error, you can't double negate a expression.
```

---

`undefined`

#### --answer--

> `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true`

```

let's not remove lines

#### --text--

What's the difference between `==` and `===`?

#### --distractors--

There is no difference, both have the exact same function.

---

`===` checks both the value and the data type, while `==` only checks the value.

---

Both check data type, but only `===` compares values deeply.

#### --answer--

`===` checks both values and its data type, while `==` only checks for value.

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
console.log(5 === "5");
```

What's the output for the code above?

#### --distractors--

> true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true`
```

you need to use backticks for anything code

---

> NaN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NaN`
```

---

> Error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Error`
```

#### --answer--

> false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`false`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is NOT an comparison operator?

#### --distractors--

`===`

---

`!==`

---

`<=`

#### --answer--

`?==`

### --question--

#### --text--

`||` is also known as...

#### --distractors--

XOR

---

AND

---

NOT

#### --answer--

OR

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
console.log(5 === 2 + 3 || 4 == 2);
```

What's the output of this code above?

#### --distractors--

> undefined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`undefined`
```

---

> false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`false`
```

please continue on your own

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
if (2 == 2) {
  console.log("A");
} else {
  console.log("B");
}
```

What does the code above evaluates to?

#### --distractors--

Error

---

B

---

No output.

#### --answer--

A

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
if (2 == "2") {
  // Statement
}
```

What will happen when the code is ran?

#### --distractors--

The statement will output a warning and exits the program.

---

The statement will not run.

---

The statement will throw an error.

#### --answer--

The statement will run.

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
if (2 == "2") {
  const a = 2;
}
console.log(a);
```

What does it output?

#### --distractors--

2

---

Nothing

---

`undefined`

#### --answer--

Error

### --question--

#### --text--

What happens when you don't include `break` while implementing a switch statement?

#### --distractors--

The switch statement will stop abruptly.

---

The switch statement will throw an error after previous statement.

---

The switch statement will exit after the first match.

#### --answer--

The code continues to execute the next case statement, regardless of whether the case matches.

### --question--

#### --text--

> ```js
> const a = 2;
> if (1 == "1") {
>   let b = 3;
>   console.log(a + b);
> }
> console.log(b);
> ```
> 
> What will be the output of this code?
> 
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```js
const a = 2;
if (1 == "1") {
  let b = 3;
  console.log(a + b);
}
console.log(b);
```

What will be the output of this code?
````

let's not add extra lines

#### --distractors--

Error.

---

5, followed by 3

---

5 followed by undefined

#### --answer--

5 followed by Error

### --question--

#### --text--

What keyword used in a switch statement to handle cases when all of the specified cases are false?

#### --distractors--

`then`

---

`after`

---

`else`

#### --answer--

`default`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does this operator `&&` represent?

#### --distractors--

XOR

---

OR

---

NOT

#### --answer--

AND

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
let x = 5;
if (x > 1 && x < 10) {
  console.log("x is between 1 and 10");
} else {
  console.log("x is not between 1 and 10");
}
```

What does the code evaluates to?

#### --distractors--

Error.

---

No output.

---

x is not between 1 and 10

#### --answer--

x is between 1 and 10

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the operator `!` do?

#### --distractors--

It will reverse the value of a variable.

---

It will do "AND" operation.

---

It will do "OR" operation.

#### --answer--

> It will negate the boolean expression.

Reviewer 2: It will also negate non-Booleans, ie.:
```js
console.log(!3)  // false
console.log(!'')  // true
```

I'm not sure right now how to nicely put it in wording.

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
console.log(!!true);
```

> What does the code evaluates to?

Reviewer: which part? the `!!true`? or are you asking about the return value of `console.log`?

#### --distractors--

false

---

Error, you can't double negate a expression.

---

`undefined`

#### --answer--

> true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true`

```
let's not remove lines

---

Both operators check the data type of the value, but only `===` compares values deeply.

#### --answer--

`===` checks both values and its data type, while `==` only checks for value.

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
console.log(5 === "5");
```

What's the output of the code above?

#### --distractors--

`true`

---

`NaN`

---

An error is raised.

#### --answer--

`false`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is NOT an comparison operator?

#### --distractors--

`===`

---

`!==`

---

`<=`

#### --answer--

`?==`

### --question--

#### --text--

`||` in Javascript is also known as...

#### --distractors--

XOR

---

AND

---

NOT

#### --answer--

OR

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
console.log(5 === 2 + 3 || 4 == 2);
```

What's the output of the code above?

#### --distractors--

`undefined`

---

`false`

---

An error is raised.

#### --answer--

`true`

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a truthy and falsy value?

#### --distractors--

Value that's both `true` and `false`.  

---

Value that changes depending on context.

---

Value that functions differently than `true` or `false` value.

#### --answer--

> A value that is considered `true` or `false` based on its content.

Author: same ;-;

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
if (1) {
  console.log("True!");
}
```

What's printed to the console from the code above?

#### --distractors--

`false`

---

Nothing gets printed to the console.  

---

An error is raised.  

#### --answer--

`"True!"`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is NOT a truthy value?

#### --distractors--

`"false"`

---

`13`

---

`-1`

#### --answer--

`0`

### --question--

#### --text--

What's the difference between `undefined` and `null`?

#### --distractors--

No difference.

---

> `null` automatically declared. (When there's no value)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`null` is the implicit value assigned to variables.
```

---

> `undefined` means a variable is deliberately empty, while `null` is declared, but unassigned.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`null` is a global property, `undefined` is not.
```

I don't really understand what was trying to be communicated here. But I'm guessing it was to be the opposite of what was written in the previous distractor.

This is just something else we could use instead.

#### --answer--

> `undefined` means a variable is declared but unassigned, while `null` is absence in value (Intentionally).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Variables not assigned a value has the value `undefined`, while `null` is used to represent the intentional absence of any object value.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
if (2 == 2) {
  console.log("A");
} else {
  console.log("B");
}
```

What's printed to the console when the code above executes?  

#### --distractors--

An error is raised.  

---

`"B"`

---

Nothing gets printed to the console.  

#### --answer--

`"A"`

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
if (2 == "2") {
  // Statement
}
```

What will happen when the code is ran?

#### --distractors--

The statement will output a warning and exits the program.

---

The statement will not run.

---

The statement will throw an error.

#### --answer--

The statement will run.

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
if (2 == "2") {
  const a = 2;
}
console.log(a);
```

What is printed to the console with code above?

#### --distractors--

`2`

---

Nothing gets printed.

---

`undefined`

#### --answer--

An error is raised.

### --question--

#### --text--

What happens when you don't include `break` while implementing a switch statement?

#### --distractors--

The switch statement will stop abruptly.

---

The switch statement will throw an error after previous statement.

---

The switch statement will exit after the first match.

#### --answer--

> The code continues to execute the following case statements, regardless of whether the case matches.  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The code continues to evaluate the following case statements, even after finding a match.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
const a = 2;
if (1 == "1") {
  let b = 3;
  console.log(a + b);
}
console.log(b);
```

What will be printed to the console from the code above?

#### --distractors--

An error is raised.

---

```js
5
3
```

---

```js
5
undefined
```

#### --answer--

`5`, and then an error is raised.

### --question--

#### --text--

> What keyword used in a switch statement to handle cases when all of the specified cases are false?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
What keyword is used in a switch statement to handle cases when all of the specified cases are false?
```

#### --distractors--

`then`

---

`after`

---

`else`

#### --answer--

`default`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the operator `&&` represent?

#### --distractors--

XOR

---

OR

---

NOT

#### --answer--

AND

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
let x = 5;
if (x > 1 && x < 10) {
  console.log("x is between 1 and 10");
} else {
  console.log("x is not between 1 and 10");
}
```

What is printed to the console with code above?  

#### --distractors--

An error is raised.

---

Nothing is printed.  

---

`"x is not between 1 and 10"`

#### --answer--

`"x is between 1 and 10"`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the operator `!` do?

#### --distractors--

It will reverse the value of a variable.

---

It will do "AND" operation.

---

It will do "OR" operation.

#### --answer--

It will negate the boolean value or converts a non-boolean expression to its opposite.

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
console.log(!!true);
```

What is printed to the console with the following code?

#### --distractors--

`false`

---

It raises an error, you can't double negate an expression.

---

`undefined`

#### --answer--

> `true`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`true`

```

Restore the EOF new line.

#### --text--

What's the difference between `==` and `===`?

#### --distractors--

There is no difference, both have the exact same function.

---

`==` checks both values and its data type, while `===` only checks for value.

---

Both operators check the data type of the value, but only `===` compares values deeply.

#### --answer--

> `===` compares the value and type without type convertion, while `==` attempts to convert them to the same type before comparing.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`===` compares the value and type without type coercion, while `==` attempts to convert them to the same type before comparing.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
console.log(5 === "5");
```

What's the output of the code above?

#### --distractors--

`true`

---

`NaN`

---

An error is raised.

#### --answer--

`false`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following is NOT an comparison operator?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Which of the following is NOT a comparison operator?
```

#### --distractors--

`===`

---

`!==`

---

`<=`

#### --answer--

`?==`

### --question--

#### --text--

> `||` in Javascript is also known as...

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Which logical operation does `||` represent?
```

```js
5
3
```

---

```js
5
undefined
```

#### --answer--

`5`, and then an error is raised.

### --question--

#### --text--

What keyword is used in a switch statement to handle cases when all of the specified cases are false?

#### --distractors--

`then`

---

`after`

---

`else`

#### --answer--

`default`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the operator `&&` represent?

#### --distractors--

XOR

---

OR

---

NOT

#### --answer--

AND

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
let x = 5;
if (x > 1 && x < 10) {
  console.log("x is between 1 and 10");
} else {
  console.log("x is not between 1 and 10");
}
```

What is printed to the console with code above?  

#### --distractors--

An error is raised.

---

Nothing is printed.  

---

`"x is not between 1 and 10"`

#### --answer--

`"x is between 1 and 10"`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the operator `!` do?

#### --distractors--

It will reverse the value of a variable.

---

It will do "AND" operation.

---

It will do "OR" operation.

#### --answer--

It will negate the boolean value or converts a non-boolean expression to its opposite.

### --question--

#### --text--

```js
console.log(!!true);
```

> What is printed to the console with the following code?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
What is printed to the console with the above code?
```
